Dillon Chaney, 300128969
Tutorial 3:
They first talk about what a pitch is and how it gets used, only being a short snapshot of the plan, to avoid having too much detail. The idea is to have more detail than the customer gives, but not completely design the feature yet. This creates boundaries without limiting creativity. They discuss the timeframe for shaping, and how the shaping process a designed to leave time for errors and underestimation. They talk about avoiding one-liners, small features that are added based on a line with no descriptions, which might not be anything like the owner of the pitch intended.
The next topic is who writes the pitches. The answer is anyone can write the pitch, but typically there are a few people designated to writing the formal documents for the team. Others will share ideas that could become pitches, but this is also dependant on the team.
They then talk about the difference between a problem and creating a pitch, and how the pitch requires awareness of both what is already there and what the client is looking for to get a solid pitch. The direction is the most important part pitch, not the details. Doing the work is the developer’s job. 
Next, they discuss rabbit holes and no-goes, which are different ways to discuss risk in the pitch. Rabbit holes are things that seem like they would work, but are very complicated, or start to creep the scope. They use an example to further illustrate the point, that adding a particular feature would add very little value for a lot of work. This is part of shaping, because they define it as not just what to do, but also what not to do.
Finally, they talk about what they call science projects, a special label for a type of pitch they figure probably won’t ship, but they will be able to learn enough to figure out what it would take if they wanted to continue. Another term is tracer bullet, or spike, which is solely to determine if they are going in the right direction, and get a better approximate of how long it will take on.
