## Tutorial 4
Dillon Chaney
300128969

# Chapter 7
The first topic of discussion is backlogs, and why they aren’t used in shape up, which is mostly based on the amount of upkeep needed, as things pile up that are no longer a priority, or even relevant. The shape up alternative is the betting table, where the stakeholders decide what is the most relevant thing to work on in next cycle, while only looking at the last six weeks of pitches. This makes the meetings short and productive. Anything that isn’t picked can either be dropped, or tracked independently be anyone who wants to keep it for later. This is based on the idea that the most important thing will come back eventually, the problems that really need fixing will be brought up again and again.
# Chapter 8
Shape up follows a six-week development cycle, as they feel that two-weeks isn’t enough for major features and add more into time overhead planning. Six-weeks allows time to finish something meaningful without getting too long, we can always see the end. Cool down is the next part of the cycle, where there is no scheduled work, so the developers can meet, and work on what they feel they need to be working on, like bug fixes. Like the schedule, the team size is also standardized in shape up, consisting of one designer and one or two developers, plus a QA person that tests later in the cycle. The teams are also split into big and small batch teams, big means one larger project, and small is a set of smaller ones. 
The betting table is where the decisions are made, in a meeting held during the cool down phase. The options are from the last six weeks or some that a particular person wants to revive. The meetings should be short as they include the stakeholders and c-level employees, who’s time is valuable. The participants should have access to the pitches to review on their own time before hand. The output if the meeting is a cycle plan, which contains what will be done in the next cycle. Because the high-level people are there, there is no need for approval afterwards. 
The reason we call it a bet is because of the expectations set by the word. There should be a payout, a commitment, and downside. The commitment is that the developers should not be interrupted in the cycle, they just need to work on their pitched work. If something does come up, it won’t be that long until the next cool-down, so it shouldn’t be an issue. The downside is that there are no extensions, which prevents runaway projects. This is thought of as a circuit breaker, no one project will kill the project. It also allows the teams to take ownership over their projects. If bugs come up during this time, they will be fixed either in the cooldown, or will come up at the next betting table if they are too large to fix in two weeks. Finally, there is also a special cycle every year or so dedicated entirely to fixing bugs.
# Chapter 9
The next chapter is about the betting process. We need to take care to remember what stage of the process we are in as we begin, a new product has different expectations. Existing projects, which is about adding features, follows the same standard shape up process. For a new product, there are three phases that unfold over multiple cycles. First is R&D mode, which has a lot of scrap work as the final features or technical decisions haven’t been made yet. This phase has a lot of spiking and have the high-ups doing more developer work. There isn’t any expectation of shipping after these cycles. Afterwards in production work, where most of the architectural decisions are set, and the product does the most important things that it should do. This gives a good foundation. This phase has very deliberate shaping, and more developers are added to the project as the expectations are easier to convey. Shipping the product becomes the goal. Finally, the next phase is cleanup mode, which removes a lot of the structure provided by shape up, meaning no shaping, and no clear team boundaries. Work is continuously shipped to the codebase. This phase should be limited to about two cycles, as a final push to completion.
There are many questions to ask for the betting table, which the text going over some important examples. First, does the problem actually matter? Its not worth the time to develop if its not adding anything helpful. Next, is the appetite right? The solution should be complete in two to six weeks. It also should be important enough to take that amount of time. Next, if this the right time? Doing all maintenance isn’t great for the users, so its good to switch it up. Finally, are the right people available? Its not great to work on one persons expertise when they are unavailable. 
