**Tutorial 6
Dillon Chaney
300128969 

Ralf:
This seems feasible, although maybe a bit ambitious for six weeks. I think the file verification fix for the current rabbit hole needs to be more specific, and I think we should clearly state that we are using a plugin for this, as creating a verification from scratch would be out of scope.

Daniel:
This seems like a good timeframe and a manageable scope. I think that polling every few seconds is overkill as we only need up to date data if someone actually wants to see it, a button will suffice.

Cadence:
The pitch seems to be potentially quite large, and there could be integration issues with the email sending plugin and our current back end. This seems to have a larger scope than we can afford right now. There was also no mention of the contents of the email, with would have to editable and would create a no go, that should be a new pitch.

Thuy-Vi:
This pitch seems feasible, and of proper scope. A rabbit hole that should be mentioned is allowing downloads in other file formats. We have them currently available in csv format, and conversion to other formats is not a concern for this pitch.

Farina:
This pitch is really interesting but will probably be largely out of scope for a single cycle. It would likely require a new unity version that would create duplication of our work efforts. The pitch also doesnâ€™t mention how to participant will move in the VR environment, which should be specified. I think normal controller movement is the best option.
